Endeavor was so awesome yesterday!
I know!
I broke out in a cold sweat
when Nomu struck him down.
How boring.
Isn't there a stronger hero here?
You're too slow!
Do you possess regenerative ability?
Can you regenerate too?
Don't group me together with you.
I couldn't move my body a while ago.
I can only push an immobile body
with firepower!
My feathers don't possess
enough destructive powers.
But I can match him in terms of speed.
I let my feathers fly over in advance.
Your aggressive firepower and my speed.
Let me give you a push,
No. 1!
Artificial human.
You're
me.
My past self
or my other future self.
In this heat,
fall into slumber.
Plus Ultra!
Prominence Burn!
He ended the battle
with his imposing victory pose.
That was so awesome.
The No. 1 Hero never ceases to amaze us.
Hawks was amazing too.
Not to mention he's so handsome!
The man who's a bit too fast
lives up to his name.
Todoroki.
How is Endeavor?
He is no longer in critical condition.
I see. I'm glad to hear that.
He's a father
you can be proud of, Todoroki!
Yes, you're right.
The lesson started…
SILENCE…
Good.
Don't get excited over everything.
It's time to take initiative.
I know it's only the provisional license,
but you can participate
in heroes' activities
and must carry out the respective duties.
Keep that in mind.
So far, there are still two of you
who are still taking
the provisional license training course.
The lessons from now on
will only get more challenging.
You should get ready.
Now we proceed to our homeroom.
Emergency training!
In case of a hostile invasion
into U.A. High,
Hero Class 1-A is requested to deploy.
Please change into your battle suits.
Head to the battle as fast as you can.
Hero Class 1-A,
deploy!
-Yes!
It is estimated that 80%
of the world population has a Quirk.
These Quirks molded
the current superhuman society.
To fight against the villains
who use Quirks,
heroes become a profession.
I, Izuku Midoriya,
longed to be a hero
and enrolled in the U.A. High School's
Department of Heroes
as I move towards my dream.
Moving forward with like-minded comrades,
we stand up to all sorts of difficulties
and help others with a smile.
Everything is to become the best hero.
That's right. This place is
"My Hero Academia."
Enemies have infiltrated Ground Beta.
That's all we know for now.
Whether this is training,
we must complete our mission flawlessly.
We need more information on the situation.
Scout division, I am counting on you.
-Right.
-Leave it to us.
Birds in this area,
please tell me which parts of the facility
have been damaged.
Koji Koda.
Petting Hero: Anima.
Quirk: Anivoice.
Kyoka Jiro.
Hearing Hero: Earphone Jack.
Quirk: Earphone Jack.
Somewhere 900 meters northeast of here,
I can hear noises of destruction.
Smoke has been spotted
in the area Earphone Jack mentioned.
Mezo Shoji.
Tentacle Hero: Tentacle.
Quirk: Dupli-Arms.
A building
next to the riverbank collapsed.
It's burning.
I can't confirm the presence
of enemies in the area.
Roger.
We have to put out the fire first.
Understood.
Oh, my…
Momo Yaoyorozu.
Everything Hero: Creati.
Quirk: Creation.
We don't have much time.
We need a team to extinguish the fire.
Ingenium.
Shoto.
Understood.
I'm going with you.
-Me too.
-I'm joining as well.
Bad news.
Someone has been washed away by the river.
What?
-It's our turn to shine, Grape Juice.
-Okay!
Rescue division, head to the scene now.
Ingenium… Go!
Tenya Iida.
Turbo Hero: Ingenium.
Quirk: Engine.
-Let's go with them.
-Yes.
Bakugo, aren't you joining us?
What now?
I'll search for the villains.
Those morons can handle
the rescue mission.
What?
Shoto, give me a hand.
Leave it to me.
Shoto Todoroki.
Hero name, Shoto.
Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot.
Great job!
Our chance to shine…
We missed it.
Froppy, how is the rescue?
We found the civilian.
Where is it, Froppy?
Over there.
I somehow got washed away by the river.
Isn't that Togata?
Why is he here?
I thought he dropped out.
What have I gotten myself into?
This can't be good.
A bridge.
Tsukuyomi, toss me there now!
Very well.
-Give me a hand, Sugarman.
-All right.
Dark Shadow!
Bring it on!
Fumikage Tokoyami.
Jet-Black Hero: Tsukuyomi.
Quirk: Dark Shadow.
Rikido Sato.
Sweets Hero: Sugarman.
Quirk: Sugar Rush.
Let's go!
Grape Rush!
Minoru Mineta.
Fresh-Picked Hero: Grape Juice.
Quirk: Pop Off.
Tsuyu Asui.
Rainy Season Hero: Froppy.
Quirk: Frog.
Thank you for saving my life.
Nicely done.
Scout division.
Have you detected any hostile activity?
No, we've got nothing so far.
Understood. Please continue--
Did I miss a spot somehow?
The smoke is rising again.
It's worse than before.
At this rate,
the fire will start to spread.
So we must stop it from ever happening.
Yes.
Use the plan we discussed.
Uravity. Cellophane.
-Got it!
-Yes.
Ochako Uraraka.
Hero name, Uravity.
Quirk: Zero Gravity.
Go forth, Pinky!
Hanta Sero.
Taping Hero: Cellophane.
Quirk: Tape.
Team Rainy Day, let's go!
Mina Ashido.
Hero name, Pinky.
Quirk: Acid.
Here I come!
Yuga Aoyama.
Shining Hero: Can't Stop Twinkling.
He can't stop sparkling.
Quirk: Navel Laser.
Good! We stopped the fire from spreading.
I must freeze it for good!
The fire has been subdued.
-I'm glad we made it.
-Quiet.
I hear some unsettling noises.
Watch out! Something is coming this way!
Could it be…
Did you forget about me?
The villain is still around.
Are you aware of that?
Hado is our enemy?
There's another one!
There's another villain!
It's Amajiki!
Why am I playing the villain?
Everyone is staring at me.
Yes, they are nothing but potatoes.
They are not watching me.
They are vegetables.
I want to go home.
He is leaving already?
IZUKU MIDORIYA
QUIRK: ONE FOR ALL
CRUSHING THE ENEMIES WITH THE POWER
INHERITED FROM HIS PREDECESSORS
KATSUKI BAKUGO
QUIRK: EXPLOSION
SECRETION OF NITROGLYCERIN-LIKE SWEAT
FROM HIS PALMS
Amajiki is really leaving.
Is it really all right for him to leave?
Stop, Amajiki!
You can't go. You must play your role.
Stay still, or you might get hurt.
After all, I'm a villain now.
The Big Three are the villains.
They have Pinky as hostage.
We can flank them from behind.
Right.
Let's go.
I told you to stay still.
Didn't you hear me?
Bad children should be punished!
That's…
Charge complete, 30% output.
What?
I'm being washed away again.
We must save him.
I bet he did it on purpose!
Ingenium.
The rescue mission is our priority.
Leave Hado to Midoriya and the others.
-We must rescue the civilians.
-Understood.
The sounds are too distorted
to make anything out of them.
What is going on?
Pinky is being held hostage.
What?
We must save her.
No.
Our mission is to remain here
and investigate the situation.
What?
There are more than just two villains
in the vicinity.
Villains, what is your motive?
I want to go home!
Go ahead.
But if I did that,
Hado would be mad at me.
Mirio said…
he would do everything he could
to hone your skills
so you could become real heroes.
So I can't leave just yet!
The Big Three are doing this for us.
I appreciate their effort,
but this is too challenging!
Someone is missing.
Where is that invisible girl?
Uraraka!
Release!
I get it now. It's Hagakure!
Warp Refraction!
Say Cheese!
Toru Hagakure.
Stealth Hero: Invisible Girl.
Quirk: Invisibility.
What is this light?
What?
Yes!
Hado!
Mashirao Ojiro.
Martial Art Hero: Tailman.
Quirk: Tail.
Now is your chance, Deku!
Izuku Midoriya.
Hero name, Deku.
Quirk: One For All.
Smash!
Please surrender.
Why didn't you strike me down?
I couldn't do it.
Your naivety could cost you your life.
As of now,
I'm a villain.
Deku!
Victory is mine!
Red Riot!
Eijiro Kirishima.
Sturdy Hero: Red Riot.
Quirk: Hardening.
Thanks.
We're going in for real this time.
The charging is too slow, fool.
This is as fast as I can get.
Denki Kaminari.
Stun Gun Hero: Chargebolt.
Quirk: Electrification.
Katsuki Bakugo.
Hero name, undetermined.
Quirk: Explosion.
Over there!
It's game over for you!
That's awesome, Bakugo.
He took down Amajiki.
Did we clear the training?
-Yes!
I think it's over.
This is great.
I was hoping to play
a more significant role in this.
You saved me again. Thanks.
Training completed.
So the battle is over.
I think so.
Not so fast!
What?
You were pulling punches!
But the look on your face--
Don't you dare look down on me!
I don't care if this is training.
I don't care if you are my senior!
A villain is a villain nonetheless!
You are my enemy!
I should have gone home.
Now die!
I want Bakugo in my office.
Understood.
Right here in U.A. High School,
the Hero Academia…
We'll become the greatest heroes!
Your pose was just like All Might's.
I used a different arm.
He raises his left arm.
How should I know that?
Either way,
thank you for winning this battle.
I failed miserably.
I performed so badly at the beginning.
Sorry.
But this victory we secured
must be meaningful!
Hold on a moment.
We had some dramatic turn of events.
But anyway,
we finally meet,
Endeavor.
Hi.
What took you so long?
Next episode…
In his battle against Nomu,
the No. 1 Hero, Endeavor,
managed to come out on top.
However, underneath it all
is the League of Villains,
which is operating covertly, and Hawks.
On the other hand, some kind of mutation
is taking place inside my body.
Next, "Vestiges."
I'll uncover the secrets
of One For All and All For One.